Introduce Elastic.Serilog.Enrichers.Web (#444)
elastic/ecs-dotnet: src/Elastic.Serilog.Enrichers.Web/README.md

# Elastic.Serilog.Enrichers.Web

> Adds extension methods for aspnet (core and fullframework) to enrich emitted ECS data with important HTTP information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds extension methods for ASP.NET (Core and Full Framework) to enrich emitted ECS data with important HTTP information.
```
